Sharing saved-objects phase 1.5 (#75444)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/spaces-management/resolve_copy_saved_objects_conflicts.asciidoc

    (Required, string) The saved object ID.
    `overwrite`::::
    (Required, boolean) When set to `true`, the saved object from the source space (desigated by the <<spaces-api-resolve-copy-saved-objects-conflicts-path-params, `space_id` path parameter>>) overwrites the conflicting object in the destination space. When set to `false`, this does nothing.
    `destinationId`::::

>     (Optional, string) Specifies which destination ID the copied object should have (if different from the current ID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (Optional, string) Specifies the destination ID that the copied object should have, if different from the current ID.
```

    `ignoreMissingReferences`:::

>     (Optional, boolean) When set to `true`, any missing references errors are ignored. When set to `false`, this does nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (Optional, boolean) When set to `true`, any missing references errors are ignored. When set to `false`, does nothing.
```

  `errors`:::
    (Optional, array) The errors that occurred during the copy operation. When errors are reported, the `success` flag is set to `false`.
+

> NOTE: One object may result in multiple errors which require separate steps to resolve (for instance, a `missing_references` error and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: One object may result in multiple errors, which requires separate steps to resolve. For instance, a `missing_references` error and a
```

> `conflict` error).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`conflict` error.
```

[%collapsible%open]
=======
      `type`::::
        (string) The type of error. For example, `conflict`, `ambiguous_conflict`, `missing_references`, `unsupported_type`, or `unknown`.
      `destinationId`::::
        (Optional, string) The destination ID that was used during the copy attempt. This is only present on `conflict` errors types.
      `destinations`::::
        (Optional, array) A list of possible object destinations with `id`, `title`, and `updatedAt` fields to describe each one. This is
        only present on `ambiguous_conflict` error types.
=======
======

`successResults`:::

>   (Optional, array) Indicates the objects that were copied successfully, with any metadata if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Optional, array) Indicates successfully copied objects, with any applicable metadata.
```

+

> NOTE: No objects are actually created until all resolvable errors have been addressed! This includes conflict errors and missing references

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Objects are created when all errors are resolved, including conflict and missing references
```

> errors. See the examples below for how to resolve these errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
errors. For more information, refer to the <<spaces-api-resolve-copy-saved-objects-conflicts-example,examples>>.
```

=====

[[spaces-api-resolve-copy-saved-objects-conflicts-example]]
==== {api-examples-title}

[[spaces-api-resolve-copy-saved-objects-conflicts-example-1]]

> ===== 1. Resolve conflict errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Resolve conflict errors
```

This example builds upon the <<spaces-api-copy-saved-objects-example-3,Copy objects API example with conflict errors>>.

> Resolve conflict errors for an index pattern, visualization, and canvas by overwriting the existing saved objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolve conflict errors for an index pattern, visualization, and *Canvas* workpad by overwriting the existing saved objects:
```

[source,sh]
----
{
  "sales": {
    "success": true,
    "successCount": 4,
    "successResults": [
      {
        "id": "my-pattern",
        "type": "index-pattern",
        "meta": {
          "icon": "indexPatternApp",
          "title": "my-pattern-*"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "my-vis",
        "type": "visualization",
        "destinationId": "another-vis",
        "meta": {
          "icon": "visualizeApp",
          "title": "Look at my visualization"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "my-canvas",
        "type": "canvas-workpad",
        "destinationId": "yet-another-canvas",
        "meta": {
          "icon": "canvasApp",
          "title": "Look at my canvas"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "my-dashboard",
        "type": "dashboard",
        "meta": {
          "icon": "dashboardApp",
          "title": "Look at my dashboard"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
----

> This result indicates that the copy was successful, and all four objects were created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result indicates a successful copy, and all four objects are created.
```

TIP: If a prior copy attempt resulted in resolvable errors, you must include a retry for each object you want to copy, including any that
were returned in the `successResults` array. In this example, we retried copying the dashboard accordingly.

[[spaces-api-resolve-copy-saved-objects-conflicts-example-2]]

> ===== 2. Resolve missing reference errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Resolve missing reference errors
```

[source,sh]
----
$ curl -X POST api/spaces/_resolve_copy_saved_objects_errors
{
  "objects": [{
    "type": "dashboard",
    "id": "my-dashboard"
  }],
  "includeReferences": true,
  "retries": {
    "marketing": [
      {
        "type": "visualization",
        "id": "my-vis",
        "ignoreMissingReferences": true
      },
      {
        "type": "canvas",
        "id": "my-canvas"
      },
      {
        "type": "dashboard",
        "id": "my-dashboard"
      }
    ]
  }
}
----
// KIBANA

The API returns the following:

[source,sh]
----
{
  "marketing": {
    "success": true,
    "successCount": 3,
    "successResults": [
      {
        "id": "my-vis",
        "type": "visualization",
        "meta": {
          "icon": "visualizeApp",
          "title": "Look at my visualization"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "my-canvas",
        "type": "canvas-workpad",
        "meta": {
          "icon": "canvasApp",
          "title": "Look at my canvas"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "my-dashboard",
        "type": "dashboard",
        "meta": {
          "icon": "dashboardApp",
          "title": "Look at my dashboard"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
----

> This result indicates that the copy was successful, and all three objects were created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result indicates a successful copy and all three objects are created.
```
